Add <FormattedUTCDate> (#1073)
folio-org/stripes-components: lib/FormattedUTCDate/readme.md

# FormattedUTCDate

> Displays an data only -- with no time component -- in UTC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Displays a date only -- with no time component -- in UTC.
```

## Usage

> When you would normally use `react-intl`'s `<FormattedDate>` to display a date field interpreted according to the local timezone, `<FormattedUTCDate>` can instead be used to render it interpreted as UTC -- i.e., showing precisely what is actually stored in the back-end. This is appropriate when recording only a date without an associated time, as for example the expiry date of a loan. For this, UTC is used both for storage and display, so that the displayed date does not vary when crossing timezones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you would normally use `react-intl`'s `<FormattedDate>` to display a date field interpreted according to the local timezone, `<FormattedUTCDate>` can instead be used to render it interpreted as UTC -- i.e., showing precisely what is actually stored in the back-end. This is appropriate when recording only a date without an associated time, eg a birthdate. For this, UTC is used both for storage and display, so that the displayed date does not vary when crossing timezones.
```
